1. Void is keyword. it is a data type which represent nothing

2. Method overloading:-
a. Modifiers and Return type can be anything

3. What is stackoverflow Error??
A StackOverflowError is a runtime error in java. It is thrown when the amount of call stack
memory allocated by JVM is exceeded. A common case of a StackOverflowError being thrown, is
when call stack exceeds due to excessive deep or infinite recursion

4. "this" is a key word which holds the address of object currently i use

5. what is OOP?
OOP is a praradigm which helps a programmer to co-releate a real world scenario into to programming Scenario
in the form of object

6. What is Object?
A block of memory create in a heap during the runtime which represent a real world object is known as an Object
* State of the real world object is stored with the help of variables
* Behaviour of a real world object is stored with the help of methods

7. WHat is Class?
Class is a user defined non-Premitive data type which represents blue print of a real world object.
it help a programmer to create any number of object

8. * Encapsulation * Inheritance * Polymorphizm * Abstraction

9. Encapsulation:-
The process of binding the states and behaviour of an object togeather ..
we can achive with the help of Class
Where state is stored as Variable and Behaviour with the Help of methods

The advantage fo Encapsulation is Data Hiding
Data Hiding:-
The process of restricting direct access to the state of an object and give control access to the
state of the object with the help of behaviour of the same object.
Prefix with Private and create GETTER and SETTER

Advantages :-
* Control Access
* Achive Design Flexibility
  a. Only Readable
  b. Only modifiable
  c. Both or neither

10. Relationship:-
The Association between 2 or more objects is known as relationship
Has-a Relationship
is-a Relationship

11. Has-a Relationship:-
The association between 2 objects such that one object is a member part of another object
We can achive this with the hlep of Composition
Composition:-
One object having the reference of another object
tip : Create a reference of one class as a member of another class

2 Types:-
a. Early Instantiation
b. Lazy Instantiation

12. Is-a relationship:-
The association between 2 objects which is similer to parent and child relationship is known as Is-A releationship.
Child object will aquire all the states and behaviour of the parent object.

We can achive this using Inheritance . using extends and impliments keyword.

13. Types of Inheritances
   a. Single level Inheritance
   b. Multilevel Inheritance
   c. Multiple Inheritance
   d. Hybrid Inheritance

14.  Single level Inheritance : Inheritance of only one level
     Multilevel Inheritance
